Welcome back to another video on optimizing our brain for production.
Now, in this video, we're going to be seeing how to be getting rid of all the unusual excess.
Now, you can imagine if you have like a big application, there might be a lot of theaters floating
around which is not really being used in your application.
So let's take at that scenario and what will happen right now if you have some dumb excess.
So I'm going to be opening up the SRT folder and let's navigate to one of our cases file.
For example, this index darts cases and currently all the cases added over here is being used by our
application.
So I'm just going to be adding order mixes.
So for example, let's call that as the excess with a background of maybe yellow.
So once that's done, let me try to run my build and see what happens as NPM Brown dev.
So this is going to be giving our best directory.
It also opens up this analyzer plugin, which I'm not really interested in for now.
So let's go back to the code.
Okay.
So with that, then let's open up our dist folder where the things are interesting and we have the two
access files.
We are not really interested in the models.
Yes.
Let's open up the next one.
And in here you can see that dynamics was added in our final bundle.
Although the CSS is not being used anywhere, which is not really up to my system.
Okay, so let's see, what can we do to fix this?
So let me just close this off and stop my software as well.
And let's head over to our Webpack config.
So in the config, let me first of all disable the bundle analyzer plugins since we are not really using
it.
And I don't want this to be starting as well.
So with that done, we'll also be needing to additional libraries that are going to be helping us to
remove the dead CSS.
So let's get that installed.
So I'll say NPM, I save Dev.
So the first libraries called us purge the SS the back plugin.
All right.
And the second one is called US Club.
Okay.
What the first one does is basically, as the name suggests, it's a plug in for Webpack.
And this is actually going to be helping us to remove or dead access.
And the second one is basically a helper library, which is useful, scanning the folders and basically
return all the files that need to be used by this particular plugin.
Okay, what are we showing you soon?
How are we using both of them?
Let's just go ahead and do the installation.
Okay.
Both the installation was done successfully.
Let's go to the top and get this file imported.
So in here I would say concept, but success equals to required.
And that's Burj CSS as a plug in.
And the second one is Globe.
There's also require globe.
So we have both of the dependencies added.
Let's go to the bottom where we add our plugins and add the new plugin that we have just imported.
So I'm going to be adding it after this copy plugin.
So I can just hit and enter here.
It doesn't really matter where you're going to be entering it.
So you can just do it as you like.
Now in here I'd say new, but yes, let me put a comma there.
And in this, we are going to be passing in a configuration object.
Now, what does the configuration object really look like?
Well, the unity passing in the part that need to be scanned by the purge CSS.
So in here, we are going to be passing a parameter called as part.
And in here we need to be passing string.
Now we cannot really be passing it locations like we had done earlier.
So for example, we can just party pass it as part that it did not really work.
Okay, so what we need to be doing is we need to be using this glob.
And for glob, we need to be creating a new object.
So let me show you what the object looks like.
So in here, we will see.
Maybe some object named as part, but equals to an object.
Okay, so what are we going to be adding in this object?
We are going to be passing a perimeter called see.
And this is going to be consisting of part dart join.
And in here we passing directory name to that directory name comma, SIRC.
So this is the part variable.
And this is going to be added to this SRT attribute.
Right now we have the root part set up.
So what we need to be do next is we come down and set up the parts object in here.
So what we're going to do over here is we'll use the plugin glob and then here we'll see a sync.
So basically sync is for doing a synchronous operation to find all the directories in the given location.
So in here we'll pass in using the back so we can use the dynamic variables here.
So we put up a dollar sign with two braces and we just use the configuration that we had created.
So that was part, but not SIRC.
Then we put up a slash, then two stars, and then a single star.
So basically we're telling that here, just go and find all the files that are there in this location.
So this is the base location, SRT in that all the folders and in that all defined.
Okay so that for the globe dart sync.
Now we also need to be passing additional parameter here and the additional parameter is again, another
object.
So after the back pick, put up a comma and we pass in another object and this is called as no directly.
And then we pass in as true.
So why are we passing the second object?
Well, this is basically due to the configuration of glob.
So you need this particular object so that it can sort of go through it.
It does not matter directly.
And that's why we need this particular configuration here.
Okay.
With that done, let's just save this and try to run our build once again.
I'll just clear up the console and see and PM run dev and let's see if it works or if it's a matter.
Okay.
So my build was successful, as we can see here.
And the main thing that we need to be seeing is in our output directory.
And this time you can see that the file is normal present the configuration policy as is normal present.
And we have successfully removed this process that was not used in our application.
And that's really, really good.
And this is really going to help us optimize our build for the.
Okay.
So with that, then I would just like to show you one.
Gotcha.
Or, you know, there might be cases where your plug in is removing the cases, but you might be adding
dynamically or some, some in some other way.
Right.
So you should have some way to be sort of explicitly telling this plug in that, hey, don't mess up
this particular system, so don't exclude it when you're running this particular plug in.
So how do we do that?
Well, if you want to be doing that, you can also pass in another parameter.
And this department is called us safe list.
So in safe list, just make sure that the is small, it's not capital.
So in the safe list, you can pass in an attic and the area is basically going to be containing the
class names.
So for example, in our index last year, it was called as dummy exit.
So let me just go ahead and copy that and let me just place it in this area just like that.
All right.
So what's going to happen with Ed is going to scan through all of this directory, but since we have
added the CCS in our safe list, so it's going to be adding this regardless in the final build.
Okay.
So let me try to run the build once again by NPM run dev.
So our builder is now complete.
Now, if I try to inspect my final boot, you see that access was added once again.
So this is how you can be basically ignoring some classes from being pushed automatically.
And there are multiple ways of passing the save list.
And I'm just going to be pointing you to the documentation so that you can just go through it and you
can be configuring it according to your needs.
Okay.
Now for the documentation, I already have the links open, so I'd just like to show it to you.
So this is called as page six dot com slash configuration dot estimate.
And in this, if you go to the configurations on the left side.
So right here.
And so for example, if you search for see if list and you can just scroll through it.
So these are the safe list.
You can search like directly as perimeter or probably you also need to be passing in some regular expressions
so you can do that as well.
So as you can see here, they have used like this regular expression.
So that is also possible.
Now, again, I'm not going to be implementing all of this because your case might be different, but
you know where to we looking at now?
Similarly, if you want to be doing some pattern matching with Globe, you can just sort of radical
documentation on NPM.
And this tells you how you can be using the regular expression for matching blobs and so on.
So as you see here, we have a lot of backgrounds that can be implemented.
Okay.
So that was about how do we removing our negotiators?
Let's take a short break and see what else can we do in the production mode.